Tarot 1 The Magician
The First Arcanum signifies that which initiates, that which starts, that which is sown, that which begins. Every beginning is difficult. One has to work hard, because one has to sow in order to reap. This arcanum gives aptitude in order to resolve problems. It grants power as much for awakening as for dominating passions in the physical world.

It tends towards the organization of the natural elements and towards the forces in movement. Gives aptitude in order to acquire, dispose, modulate, and apply.

The First Arcanum is the unity, the principle of the Light, the Father, the world as a manifestation, the human being as a complete living unity within himself, the foundation of reason of all actions, the synthesis of all, the initiation into the mysteries and the power to decipher and to be served by them, the volitional power. The First Arcanum gives triumph, but with struggles, due to karma.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Kether

Hebrew Letter: Aleph ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Be thou in thy deeds as thou art in thy thoughts.”

Forecasting Element: It promises dominion of material obstacles, new social relations, happy initiatives, the concourse of loyal friends who aid the development of projects, and jealous friends who obstruct it.



Tarot 2 The Priestess
By means of the Second Arcanum, the matrix where all the images take form is made, is modelled. The Second Arcanum is the thesis that plans the antithesis. It is the fountain that accumulates the waters from the water-source. It is the dual manifestation of the unity. By unfolding itself, the unity gives origin to the productive and receptive femininity in all of nature.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Chokmah

Hebrew Letter: Beth ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Winds and waves always go in favor of the one who knows how to sail.”

Forecasting Element: Attractions and repulsions, loss and profit, ascensions and descents; favorable inspirations to the initiative and the secret opposition from secondary ones who try to stop that initiative going towards a good goal.


Tarot 3 The Empress
It is stated that the Third Arcanum is the mold maker. It is clear that within creation, within nature, everything is modelled by means of the Verb. The Third Arcanum signifies success. It is material and spiritual production.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Binah

Hebrew Letter: Gimel ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Thy loom is weaving cloth for thou to use and cloth that thou shalt not use.”

Forecasting Element: Multiplication of material goods, prosperity in business, abundance, wealth, success; obstacles which must be defeated, and satisfaction in proportion to efforts made while we are defeating them.


Tarot 4 The Emperor
Within the Fourth Arcanum, there are four concordances. These are affirmation, negation, discussion, and seduction.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Chesed

Hebrew Letter: Daleth ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Give blessings unto the labor of thy hands, and place thy heart into thy thoughts.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees material gains, having the basis for higher enterprises, favorable results on spent efforts and troubled conditions in order to achieve them; friends are simultaneously a help and obstacle. Fate is proper and adverse at the same time.


Tarot 5 The Hierarch
The Fifth Arcanum is indication, demonstration, teaching, karmic law, philosophy, science, art. It is the law, severity.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Geburah

Hebrew Letter: Hei ?

Transcendental Axiom: “I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth thee, and my heart feeleth thee.”

Forecasting Element: Freedom and restrictions, new experiences, acquisition of advantageous teachings, love and love affairs, journeys of frustrated prosperity. Propitious friends and friends who are of a sinister augury; beings and things that come and go, those who come in order to leave, those who go in order to return.


Tarot 6 Indecision
The Sixth Arcanum is the Lover, enchainment, equilibrium, struggle between love and desire. Amorous union of man and woman, linking. It is the supreme affirmation of the internal Christ, and the supreme negation of the demon.

With the Sixth Arcanum, one is in the position of having to choose between one way or another way.

Within the Sixth Arcanum is the struggle between the two ternaries, the mysteries of lingam-yoni.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Tiphereth

Hebrew Letter: Vav ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Thou art giving me labor, oh Lord, and fortitude with it.”

Forecasting Element: Privilege and obligations in the relations of sexes. Antagonism of forces. Separations and divorces. Possession of that which is pursued and ardent desires which are fulfilled, where some of them satisfy and others disappoint.


Tarot 7 Triumph
The Seventh Arcanum is struggle, battle, difficulties. The warrior must learn how to use the staff and the sword, thus he will attain the great victory. Our motto is Thelema (willpower).

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Netzach

Hebrew Letter: Zayin ?

Transcendental Axiom: “When science shall enter into thy heart and wisdom shall be sweet unto thy soul, then ask and it shall be granted unto thee.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees magnetic power, well-aimed intellection (union of intellect and intuition); justice and reparations, honor and dishonour, achievement of that which is pursued with determination, satisfactions and disappointments.


Tarot 8 Justice
The Eighth Arcanum signifies strong ordeals; it is rectitude, justice, equilibrium. One must seek for performing good deeds at any cost, because the masters of medicine, when in regards to someone who is sick and is dying, always intend to save that person because this is the law. They accomplish the duty of performing good deeds.

The initiatic ordeals are enclosed within the Eighth Arcanum.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Hod 

Hebrew Letter: Chet ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Thou shalt edify an altar within thy heart, but thou shalt not make an altar of thy heart.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees retributions, punishments and rewards, gratitudes and ungratefulness, compensations for given services.


Tarot 9 The Hermit
The Ninth Arcanum is the prudent and wise Hermit. It is solitude. There is great pain. In the Ninth Sphere is supreme pain, as Dante states in The Divine Comedy. We have to learn how to understand, we have to learn how to suffer, how to be resigned. Those who are not, fail.

Kabbalistic Sephirah: Yesod

Hebrew Letter: Teth ?

Transcendental Axiom: “Rise unto the mount and contemplate the Promised Land. But, thou shalt not go over thither.”

Forecasting Element: It guarantees science in order for the making of discoveries; a method for when making them; caution when being served by them; advantageous associations and conceited associations; friends who help and who obstruct; light of reason and light of intuition, the first light for the immediate and the second light for that which will be.


Tarot 10 Retribution
From the esoteric point of view, the Tenth Arcanum is really transcendental. The circle with the point in the center is a complete phallic symbol. When the point is extended, it is converted into a line, the lingam. If the line is placed to the left of the circle, it is the number 10. All of the secrets of lingam-yoni are found within this number, as well as the laws of irradiation and absorption. It is impossible to reach the intimate realization of the Being without having worked with the Sahaja Maithuna.
The Tenth Arcanum is the wheel of Samsara, the cosmogonic wheel of Ezekiel. We find in this wheel the struggle of antitheses. The whole secret of the Tree of Knowledge is enclosed within this wheel. The Tenth Arcanum is the wheel of the centuries. It is the tragic wheel which is the law of ancient return; it is logical that this law is intimately joined with the law of recurrence, meaning that everything comes to occur as it occurred, plus its good or evil consequences. The same dramas are repeated. This is called Karma. 
Kabbalistic Sephirah: Malkuth
Hebrew Letter: Iod ?
Note: When we make a petition, oftentimes the angels answer us by showing a clock. The disciple must fix his sight on the hour of the clock. This is the clock of destiny. The answer is in the hour. In esoteric allegory, one is always answered by the clock. We have to learn how to understand the clock.
Timetable: First Hour of Apollonius: “Transcendental study of occultism.”
Transcendental Axiom: “The knowledge that thou buyest with thine experience is expensive, and the knowledge that thou lacks and thou need to buy is even more expensive.”
Forecasting Element: Guarantees good and bad fortune, elevation and descents, legitimate possessions and doubtful possessions; recommendations of past contingencies and circumstances which are repeated in a distinct way.


Tarot 11 Persuasion
The Eleventh Arcanum is the work with the fire, with the force of love.

Persuasion, in itself, is a force of a subtle spiritual order. Occult wisdom states: “Vivify the flame of the Spirit with the force of love.”

Persuasion has more power than violence.

Hebrew Letter: Kaf ?

Timetable: Second Hour of Apollonius: “The abysses of the fire and the astral virtues form a circle through (around) the dragons and the fire (studies of the occult forces).” 

Transcendental Axiom: “Joyful in hope, suffered in tribulation, be thou constant in thy prayer.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees control of the direction which is followed that leads towards the dominion of the elements; vitality, rejuvenation, acquisition, and loss of friends because of family matters; pains, obstacles, jealousy, treason and resignation in order to bear the disappointments.


Tarot 12 The Apostolate
The Twelfth Arcanum implies sacrifices, sufferings; it is the card of the Apostolate.

The Twelfth Arcanum brings many sufferings, many struggles.

It has a beautiful synthesis, because 1 + 2 = 3, which signifies material and spiritual production. This arcanum is powerful in the spiritual and in the social aspects. This arcanum promises struggles in the economical and in the social aspects.

Hebrew Letter: Lamed ?

Timetable: Third Hour of Apollonius: “The serpents, the dogs, and the fire (Sexual Magic, work with the Kundalini).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Even though the sun makes thou fatigued during the day and the moon makes thou grievous during the night, thou shalt not take thy feet unto the slippery, neither thou shall sleep when thou art on guard.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees contrarieties, anguish, downfalls; material loss in some conditions of life and profit in others; presentiments which enliven and presentiments which discourage.


Tarot 13 Immortality
The Thirteenth Arcanum is death, but also can signify something new, it can be wealth; it can be misery. It is a number with a great synthesis.

The Thirteenth Arcanum contains the Gospel of Judas. Judas represents the death of the “I.” The Gospel of Judas is the gospel of death; it is the gospel of the dissolution of the ego. Judas symbolizes the ego, which must be decapitated.

Hebrew Letter: Mem ?

Timetable: Fourth Hour of Apollonius: “The neophyte will wander at night among the sepulchers, will experience the horror of visions, and will be submitted to magic and goethia (this means that the disciple will see that he is being attacked by millions of black magicians within the astral plane. Those tenebrous magicians attempt to drive the disciple away from the luminous path).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Night has passed and a new day has arrived, then thou shall be dressed with weapons of light.”

Forecasting Element: Guarantees disappointments, disillusions, death of affections, refusals for that which is solicited, collapse, pure enjoyments and gladness for the soul, improvements with painful enjoyment, help of friends; renewal of conditions, the good ones for the worse and the bad ones for the better.


Tarot 14 Temperance
The Fourteenth Arcanum is chastity, transmutations, the waters. One has to work hard by chiselling the stone, without which the sexual transmutation cannot be achieved.

Hebrew Letter: Nun ?

Timetable: Fifth Hour of Apollonius: “The superior waters of heaven (during this time the disciple learns to be pure and chaste because he comprehends the value of his seminal liquor).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Thou shalt not be as straw before the wind; neither shalt thou be as the wind before the straw.”

Forecasting Element: Predicts enmities, reciprocal affections, obligations, combinations, chemical combinations, and combining of interests; afflicted loves, devoted loves, betrayed loves; things that remain and things that depart, the first are in order to leave, the second are in order to return.


Tarot 15 Passion
The Fifteenth Arcanum is the pluralized “I,” which esoterically is called Satan.

The Fifteenth Arcanum represents passion, which is based in the Luciferic fire. It is necessary to know that the principal defect is sexual passion, lust.

In the Kabbalistic synthesis of the Fifteenth Arcanum, we have, 1 + 5 = 6, the 6 in itself is sex. This signifies that in sex is the major force that can liberate the human being, but also the major force that can enslave him.

The Fifteenth Arcanum signifies the work with the demon. It is the process of the dissolution of the “I.” Eden is sex; the internal beast, the psychological “I” obstructs our way towards Eden; it is at the door of sex, in order to invite us to the ejaculation of the seminal liquor, or in order to deviate us from that door by showing us schools, theories, sects, etc.

Hebrew Letter: Samech ?

Timetable: Sixth Hour of Apollonius: “Here it is necessary to remain quiet, still, due to fear (this signifies the terrible ordeal of the Guardian of the Threshold, before whom a lot of courage is needed in order to overcome him).”

Transcendental Axiom: “They made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.”

Forecasting Element: It predicts controversies, passions, fatalities; prosperity through legality and fatality; noxious affections for the one who feels them, and for the one who is affected by them; vehement anxiety and violent situations.

Tarot 16 Fragility
The departure from Eden coincides with the Sixteenth Arcanum. Eden or Paradise must be understood as being sex. We departed through the doors of sex, and only through those doors will we return.

The Sixteenth Arcanum is very dangerous. It is necessary to awaken the consciousness in order to not walk blindly. The blind ones can fall into the abyss.

The initiate who spills the glass of Hermes inevitably falls. The struggle between the brain, heart, and sex is terrible. If sex dominates the brain, then the star of five points, the pentagram is inverted, and the human being with his head aiming downwards and his two legs aiming upwards is precipitated towards the bottom of the abyss. The initiate is fulminated by the Sixteenth Arcanum. Whosoever allows himself to fall, then falls with the Sixteenth Arcanum, which is the Fulminated Tower. These are the ones who have failed with the Great Work of the Father.

Hebrew Letter: Ayin ?

Timetable: Seventh Hour of Apollonius: “Fire comforts inanimate beings, and if any priest, a sufficiently purified man, steals the fire and then projects it, if he mixes this fire with sacred oil and consecrates it, then he will achieve the healing of all sicknesses by simply applying it to the afflicted areas (here the initiate sees that his material wealth is threatened and his business fails).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Light at dawn, light of midday, light of nightfall, what is important is that it is light.”

Forecasting Element: Predicts unexpected accidents, tempests, commotions, deaths; benefits because of concepts from good and bad circumstances; reciprocity in love and hatred, in indifference and in zeal, in treason and in loyalty.

Tarot 17 Hope
The star of eight points always represents Venus, the star of dawn. We find the Venustic Initiation within the Seventeenth Arcanum.

The symbol of Venus shows us that the circle of the Spirit must be upon the cross of sex, meaning, sex must be under the control of the Spirit. When the symbol is inverted it represents that the Spirit is dominated by sex.

Hebrew Letter: Peh ?

Timetable: Eighth Hour of Apollonius: “The astral virtues of the elements, of the seeds of every genre.” 

Transcendental Axiom: “Some men require signs in order to believe, others require wisdom in order to act, but the hopeful heart bears everything within its hopes.”

Forecasting Element: It predicts Intuition, support, illumination, births, brief afflictions and brief satisfactions, displeasures and reconciliations, privations; abandonments and benefits.

Tarot 18 Twilight
The Kabbalistic synthesis of the Arcanum Eighteen is 1 + 8 = 9, the Ninth Sphere, sex. If we add 9 + 9 = 18, there is a balance found in it. One 9 is the positive aspect and the other 9 is the negative aspect, but the 18 in itself becomes negative, fatal. Eighteen is the secret enemies from the arcanum of Twilight, because one has to fight a lot in the work of the Ninth Sphere. We have to learn how to sublimate the sexual energy, where the clue or key of all empires abides.
We find in the Eighteenth Arcanum the dangers of initiation, the occult and secret enemies who intend to damage the initiation in the subterranean fight within the domains of the Ninth Sphere.
In the Eighteenth Arcanum we have to pass through bloody battles against the tenebrous, the Black Lodge, the abyss, temptation, the demons... that do not want the initiate to escape from their claws. This is the path of the razor’s edge. This is the path that is full of dangers from within and without, as it is stated by the Master Sivananda.
In the internal worlds, the tenebrous of the Eighteenth Arcanum violently assault the student.
Within the terrible Eighteenth Arcanum we find the witchcraft of Thessalia. Here in this arcanum, we find the Canidio recipes, erotic magical ceremonies, rites in order to be loved by someone, dangerous potions, etc. We must warn the Gnostic students that the intellect is the most dangerous potion the tenebrous utilize in order to withdraw the student from the path of the razor’s edge.
Hebrew Letter: Tzadi ?
Timetable: Ninth Hour of Apollonius: “Here nothing is finished yet. The initiate increases his perception until he surpasses the limits of the solar system, beyond the zodiac. He arrives at the threshold of the infinite. He reaches the limits of the intelligible world. The Divine Light is revealed unto him and with all of this, new fears and dangers also appear (it is the study of the Minor Mysteries, the nine arcades on which the student must ascend).”
Transcendental Axiom: “May thy charity be an inexhaustible granary, and thy patience no less inexhaustible than thy charity.”
Forecasting Element: It predicts instability, inconstancy, ambush, confusion, changes, uncertain situations, long deliberations, unexpected impediments, tardy results, apparent triumphs and failings.

Tarot 19 Inspiration
In the Kabbalah of prediction, the Nineteenth Arcanum predicts total victory, whether by personal effort or with the help of others.

The Nineteenth Arcanum is the arcanum of victory or success. This victory is related with all the aspects of life: economical, social, political, moral, etc.

The Kabbalistic synthesis of the Nineteenth Arcanum is 1 + 9 = 10. The number ten is a profoundly sexual number; here the circle and the line are found, which are the mysteries of lingam-yoni. It is only possible to reach the realization of the Self through the transmutation of the sexual energy. 

Within the Nineteenth Arcanum a great alliance is established between two souls. Man and woman must kill desire in order to reach the great alliance, in order to perform the Great Work. 

Hebrew Letter: Kuf ?

Timetable: Tenth Hour of Apollonius: “The doors of heaven open and man comes out of his lethargy (this is the number ten of the second great Initiation of Major Mysteries, that allows the initiate to travel in the ethereal body. This is the wisdom of John the Baptist).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Take the shield of thy faith and advance with a determined step, no matter if the wind is in thy favor or all the winds are against thy favor.”

Forecasting Element: It predicts the increment of power, success in determination, joy in the acts that are performed, benefits for the concept of personal efforts and efforts of others, inheritances, clarity in that which is desired and fire that consumes the desired.

Tarot 20 Resurrection
The Twentieth Arcanum is the resurrection of the dead. Really, the resurrection of the soul is only possible through cosmic initiation. Human beings are dead and can only resurrect through initiation.

Hebrew Letter: Resh ?

Timetable: Eleventh Hour of Apollonius: “The Angels, Cherubim, and Seraphim fly with the sound of whirring wings; there is rejoicing in heaven; the earth and the sun which surge from Adam awaken (this process belongs to the great Initiations of Major Mysteries, where only the terror of the Law reigns).”

Transcendental Axiom: “Flower in the apple tree, fruit in the vineyard sown with prudence.”

Forecasting Element: It predicts harmonious choices, fortunate initiatives, labor, profit. Compensations because of good and because of bad. Loyal friends that annul the action of traitorous friends. Jealousy for the good that is enjoyed. Afflictions because of loss.

Tarot 21 Transmutation
The Twenty-first Arcanum can be represented with the inverted pentagonal star which represents black magic. The Twenty-first Arcanum is calamity, insensateness, the Fool of the Tarot. Whosoever works in realization of the Self is liable to do foolishness. One has to work with the three factors of the revolution of the consciousness.

1. To be born
2. To die 
3. To sacrifice for others.

Transmutation indicates that one has to transmute. The brain must control sex. When the brain loses control over sex, when sex attains dominion over the brain, then the star of five points, the human being, descends head-first into the abyss. This is the inverted pentagram, symbol of black magic.
The danger in this arcanum is indicated precisely by the crocodile.
Hebrew Letter: Shin ?
Timetable: Twelfth Hour of Apollonius: “The towers of fire disturb (this is the triumphant entrance of the master into the limitless bliss of Nirvana, or better, the master’s renunciation of the bliss of Nirvana for the love of humanity, where then he is converted into a Bodhisattva of compassion).”
Transcendental Axiom: “My soul does not enter into His secret, neither my ship into His port.”
Forecasting Element: It predicts exclusion from something that is enjoyed, frustration when trying to achieve what is wanted. Ruin in relation to that which we boast of. It is danger of isolation, perfidious gifts, deceitful promises, disillusions; the end of some things and the beginning of others.

Tarot 22 The Return
The Twenty-second Arcanum is the Crown of Life, the return to Light, the incarnation of the Truth within us.

The Kabbalistic synthesis of the Twenty-second Arcanum is, 2 + 2 = 4: man, woman, fire, and water. It is ???? [Iod Hei Vav Hei]: man, woman, phallus, uterus. Behold here the holy and mysterious Tetragrammaton, the Holy Four.

Hebrew Letter: Tav ?

Timetable: “There is a thirteenth hour; this is the hour of liberation.” 

Transcendental Axiom: “The sun ariseth and the sun goeth down and it hasteth to its place where it was born.” 

Forecasting Element: Predicts longevity, inheritances, notability, delight of honest enjoyments, rivals that dispute the affections, friends that care for us, obstacles and aptitude in order to defeat them, uncertain situations and contingencies that clarify them.


Tarot 23 The Plower
The plower is in the act of cultivating the earth and his consciousness. Symbolizes the virtue of a human’s self-realization.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the action of the planet Mercury, the letter T, the number 5. It represents the elemental intelligence in its labor of knowing how to harvest the fruits of experience. 

Transcendental Axiom: “My mill is grinding flour for me and flour for my neighbor.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises powerful friends, the necessity of their help, and the ability to attain it if one has faith in friendship. It signifies elevation by means of those friends and one’s own willpower.

Tarot 24 The Weaver
The weaver in the act of cultivating domestic virtues. Symbolizes the diligent woman as keeper of home and honor. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated with the action of the planet Venus, the letter U, and the number 6. It represents the elemental intelligence in its labor of applying exertion to the fruits of learned things.

Transcendental Axiom: “My loom is weaving net after net; a cloth for my honor and cloth to honor.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises organized economy, chastity in maternity, feminine protection and good performance of obligations.

Tarot 25 The Argonaut
The argonaut in the act of sailing in search of the unknown. Symbolizes the virtue of a human’s own inspiration. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter V, and the number 7. It represents the valiant man who confronts the dangers of the unknown. 

Transcendental Axiom: “My boat is sailing, sailing persistently; sailing by night, sailing by day.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises absences, emigrations, abandonment, changes, domestic discords, something that is acquired and much that is lost.

Tarot 26 The Prodigy
The prodigy in the act of consummation. Symbolizes the human virtue of creating what is astounding and which searches the marvelous. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter X, and the number 8. It represents the action of time as justice and power of manifestation. 

Transcendental Axiom: “A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises episodes that are fulfilled, threatening dangers, surprising events, unthought teachings.

Tarot 27 The Unexpected
The unexpected in the act of becoming manifested. Symbolizes the virtue of subconscious human processes. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter Y, and the number 9. It represents inner life as a determining cause of the outer. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Neither excess honey to sweeten, nor vainglory to thrive.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises conditioned triumphs, surprises, conjurations, treasons, findings, discoveries, some of them tardy.

Tarot 28 Uncertainty
Uncertainty in the act of deliberation. Symbolizes the virtue of a human’s own determination. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Pluto, the letter Z, and the number 1. It represents judgment as a determinant cause of acts. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Do not seek in others for what is in thee; neither seek in thee for what is in others.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises delays, obstacles, contrarieties, mysteries to be solved and science to solve them.


Tarot 29 Domesticity
Domesticity as an act of concord. Symbolizes the virtue of human domination by means of persuasion. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter B, and the number 2. It represents Nature’s peace, equilibrium of elements, pastoral joy. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Let your eyes become youthful eyes, and let thy word become an elder’s prudence.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises remorse, indecisions, perplexities, timidity, pastoral life, advantageous affairs, enterprises that bring struggles but with satisfactory outcomes. 


Tarot 30 Exchange
Exchange as an act of reciprocal convenience. Symbolizes the virtue of human life in society. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter C, and the number 3. It represents individual expansion by means of commercial conviviality. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Reap thy land carefully, but do not harvest your goods with avarice.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises social life, intercommunications, commerce, traffic, variety, discussion, although many times without solution. 


Tarot 31 Impediments
Impediments as incentives for the developing of one’s own efficiency. Symbolizes the virtue of human reaction against the opposition. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letters CH, and the number 4. It represents the principle of depuration as an element of progress. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Do not pass merciless judgment, neither have mercy without judgment.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises expectations, promises, domestic devices, restrictions, inferior quality trading and a position not always beneficial for both parties. 


Tarot 32 Magnificence
Magnificence as an act of material communion. Symbolizes the virtue of evidencing a human’s own value. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letter D, and the number 5. It represents the principle of ostentation as a cause of discussion. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Exhaust the resources of thine intelligence, but do not exhaust those of thine heart.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises dangers because of choleric or loquacious excess, ostentation of material elements, litigations, luxury as a cause of triumph or failure, oppositions or cooperations between people of equal hierarchy. 


Tarot 33 Alliance
Alliance as an act of communion between equals. Symbolizes the virtue of human affinity through identity. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter E, and the number 6. It represents the principle of one’s own realization by means of association. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Rejoice with the love of thy youth, and rejoice even more with the love of thine maturity.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises dealings with precision, lasting alliances, increasing of prosperity, progress, happy contingencies. 


Tarot 34 Innovation
Innovation as an element of evolution. Symbolizes the virtue of undeviating human effort. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter F, and the number 7. It represents the principle of self-inspiration as guidance for activities. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Length of days upon thy right hand and works and honor upon thy left.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises inventions, new enterprises, temptations, temerity, findings­—some fortunate, others disconcerting. 


Tarot 35 Grief
Grief as an act of moral affliction. Symbolizes the virtue of human tribulation in its depurating action. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter G, and the number 8. It represents the principle of the knowledge of one’s own insufficiency. 

Transcendental Axiom: “That which is now comes from that which has been, and what has been is what shall be now.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises alarms, consternations, melancholies, sadness, obstacles, unexpected events. 


Tarot 36 Initiation
Initiation as a revivifying act. Symbolizes the virtue of progressive actualization of human powers. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter H, and the number 9. It represents the principle of developing one’s own virtues. 

Transcendental Axiom: “Pleasant is the studio, pleasant it is to sing, pleasant it is to listen.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises births, new beginnings, premises, forthcoming fortune, success in businesses, dissipations, declinations. 


Tarot 37 Art and Science
Art and science as factors of individual evolution. Symbolizes the virtue of a human’s own discipline as an element of progress. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Sun, the letter I, and the number 1. It represents the principle of creation by means of applied knowledge.

Transcendental Axiom: “Behold the Promised Land before mine eyes; help me, oh foot, to arrive there.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises sincere friendship, magnificent aids, probity, equity, imperative resources, compulsions, perversions, popularity, but not entirely edifying.


Tarot 38 Biplicity
Biplicity as an act of sagacity. Symbolizes the human virtue of knowledge voluntarily induced. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter J, and the number 2. It represents the principle of the antonymous as an element of comparison and selection.

Transcendental Axiom: “Virtuous woman, not all of those who see thy works can see thy virtues.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises the influence of women in one’s affairs, wisdom and torpidity when resolving them, virtue and scandal, honesty and vice, chastity and corruption.


Tarot 39 Testimony
Testimony as an irrecusable evidence. Symbolizes the human virtue of verification for proof.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter K, and the number 3. It represents the principle of demonstration as an element of conviction.

Transcendental Axiom: “Place thy intentions as witnesses before thyself; however, place thy works as witnesses before others.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises conformity, approximations, comparison, banquets, traveling, delayed matrimonies, presumed or real adultery, unforeseen or foreseen arrivals.


Tarot 40 Presentiment
Presentiment as an instinctual knowledge. Symbolizes the human virtue of anticipated knowledge of what shall occur.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letter L, and the number 4. It represents the principle of prescience as a natural faculty.

Transcendental Axiom: “Do not be a man with open eyes to covetousness, nor a woman with open ears to flattery.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises a very well-retributive work, application, reflection, attraction, sympathy, seduction, threat of ruin, mortifying affections.


Tarot 41 Uneasiness
Uneasiness as an act of disheartened attitude. Symbolizes the human virtue of always seeking for the best. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letters LL, and the number 5. It represents the principle of urban life.

Transcendental Axiom: “The bows of the mighty ones were broken, and the bows of the weak were fitted with strength.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises indignation, violence, group of people in motion, bountiful family, puppy loves, joyful in the opposite sense. 


Tarot 42 Preeminence
Preeminence as acknowledgment of superiority. Symbolizes the human virtue of acceptation of hierarchical order. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter M, and the number 6. It represents the principle of power and voluntary obedience.

Transcendental Axiom: “If utmost in dignity and power, be then utmost in thy merits.” 

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises advantages, triumph, pomposity, superiority, sincerity, surprising loves.


Tarot 43 Imagination
Imagination as a heartened rejoicing act. Symbolizes the human virtue of the expression of contentment. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter N, and the number 7. It represents the creative principle of induced ideas.

Transcendental Axiom: “Joyfulness of my heart, beautify my face.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises satisfactions, contentment, decency, modesty, enjoyments, parties, pleasant preparations, violent passions, forbidden loves, divorce, prosperous businesses. 


Tarot 44 Thought
Thought as a creative element. Symbolizes the human virtue of giving sensible shape to that whose shape is intelligible. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter Ñ, and the number 8. It represents the creative principle of self-edification.

Transcendental Axiom: “Overcome suspicion wisely, and enjoy what is yours in hope.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises projects, deliberation, resolutions, determinations, mutual understanding, fulfillment of what is desired after arduous struggles, by means of a person of the opposite sex. 



Tarot 45 Regeneration
Regeneration as a reiterative act. Symbolizes the human virtue of remembering the past and preventing the future. 

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter O, and the number 9. It represents the principle of memorization and visualization.

Transcendental Axiom: “Everything is beautiful in its time, and everything is flavorful in its ripeness.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises spiritual resurrection, physical rejuvenation, reconsideration of that which was and some first-fruits of that which will be, vigor, decrepitude, something from infancy and from elderhood, influence of relatives in loving matters, breakage and abandonment.


Tarot 46 Patrimony
Patrimony as an act of continuity. Symbolizes the human virtue of possession by inheritance.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Sun, the letter P, and the number 1. It represents the principle of natural prosecution.

Transcendental Axiom: “The one who is content in the little will open the doors of plethora.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises friendship bequest, inheritances by own rights, donations, testaments, traditions, forefathers, family, conjugal affinity; for a man: danger because of a woman; for a woman: danger of seduction.


Tarot 47 Deduction
Deduction as an act of knowledge. Symbolizes the human virtue of knowing by means of one’s own inspiration.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter Q, and the number 2. It represents the principle of deduction as an element of illumination.

Transcendental Axiom: “To be resplendent in the light and the heat in the fire is now thy mission, and from now on.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises new lights, new teachings, spiritual afflictions, mature hopes, coming joys or sufferings, support of relatives; virtuous and lasting loves.


Tarot 48 Consummation
The consummation as an act of plenitude. Symbolizes the human virtue of one’s own conviction.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter R, and the number 3. It represents the principle of determination of conduct.

Transcendental Axiom: “Drink the drops of thy cistern or the flowing of thy well.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises achievements, science, victory, conclusions, resolutions, impossible loves, that which is already irremediable.


Tarot 49 Versatility
Versatility as an act of reciprocity. It symbolizes the human virtue of correspondence in equivalents.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letter S, and the number 4. It represents the principle of permutation as element of prosperity.

Transcendental Axiom: “Pleasant is the work to whom labors with contentment, and pleasant is the leisure to the one who deserves it.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises removal, changes, new affections, rivalry in loves and undertakings, vicissitudes, but some for the better.


Tarot 50 Affinity
Affinity as an efficient cause for the awakening of emotions. Symbolizes the human virtue of personal attractiveness.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letter T, and the number 5. It represents the principle of natural incentive as a modulating power of actions.

Transcendental Axiom: “Woman, thou art an ember in the fire; and thou, man, the wind that livens it.”
Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises illusions, passions, appetites, desires, love, hallucinations, recklessness, dangers that are ignored.


Tarot 51 Counseling
Counseling as an act of prudent advice. Symbolizes the human virtue of reverence to knowledge and responsibility of what one knows.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter U, and the number 6. It represents the principle of respect to established order.

Transcendental Axiom: “Unto silver is likened the word uttered by the sage, yet unto gold is likened the one who listens and follows him.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises judgement, judicial matters, relations with people of authority, dangerous enemies among those people; fortune in the field of weapons or the magistracy, danger of perfidies.



Tarot 52 Premeditation
Premeditation as an act of calculation. Symbolizes the human virtue that preconceives the longed-for results.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter V, and the number 7. It represents the principle of evaluation of factors.

Transcendental Axiom: “Place thine heart in all thy words, but do not place all the words within thine heart.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises artifices, faking manners, malice, dissimulation, astuteness, sterility, indigence, feminine hatreds and fights as a consequence of such hatreds.


Tarot 53 Resentment
Resentment as a wounded heartened act. Symbolizes the human virtue of one’s own defense.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter X, and the number 8. It represents the reprisal principle.

Transcendental Axiom: “Do not swing a revengeful sword, neither fear the corrective sword.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises range, imprudence, ineptitude, attacks, defense, criticisms, calumnies, danger by the fire, fights against people of status.


Tarot 54 Examination
Examination as a heartening deliberation upon conclusion. Symbolizes the human virtue of proceeding with justice.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter Y, and the number 9. It represents the principle of free debate.

Transcendental Axiom: “Search around thy village and harvest the fallen grains, but do not search for resentments, neither collect misdemeanors.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises speculations, enquiries, imputations, treasons; occult enemies; defamation.


Tarot 55 Contrition
Contrition as an act of repentance. Symbolizes the human virtue of recognizing one’s own error.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Pluto, the letter A, and the number 1. It represents the principle of voluntary repair.

Transcendental Axiom: “Do not sow an assortment of seeds in thine orchard, neither harvest them within thine heart.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises lamentations, spiritual afflictions, unpleasantness, unsatisfied profit, acquisition of material wealth by means of moral suffering.


Tarot 56 Pilgrimage
Pilgrimage as an act of interior purification. Symbolizes the human virtue of affliction.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter B, and the number 2. It represents the principle of one’s own redemption.

Transcendental Axiom: “Hearten and comfort the afflicted one, and keep thyself enthused within thine own tribulations.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises celibacy, timidity to overcome, matters related with sanctuaries or with people who attend them, sufferings, mysterious dangers, enmity amongst people of status.



Tarot 57 Rivalry
Rivalry as a proof of competition between opponents. Symbolizes the human virtue of one’s own esteem.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter C, and the number 3. It represents the principle of skill.

Transcendental Axiom: “For a just man falls seven times, and if he indeed is just, seven times he rises up again.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises delicate circumstances, critical moments, oppositions, conjunction of events, criticism, debates, what is fatal, the fulfillment of destiny.


Tarot 58 Requalification
Requalification as an act of reconsideration of facts. Symbolizes the human virtue of evaluation of opposites.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letters CH, and the number 4. It represents the principle of conjecturing by exam.

Transcendental Axiom: “If thy neighbor leaves thee confused, consult the case with thine own heart.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises warning of dangers, observations right on time, reproaches, pretensions without merit, lost positions, unsuccessful hopes, desire to do, courage to suffer.


Tarot 59 Revelation
Revelation as an act of unveiling the hidden. Symbolizes the human virtue of making intelligible that which was unintelligible.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letter D, and the number 5. It represents the principle of manifestation.

Transcendental Axiom: “As the metals are tested in the fire, likewise the value of a man is tested in the mouth of who praises or censures him.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises declarations, authorizations, messages, messengers, contradictory news, voyages, adversity, loquacity, violation of secrets.


Tarot 60 Evolution
Evolution as a process of transformation. Symbolizes the human virtue of the successive awakening of the consciousness.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter E, and the number 6. It represents the principle of metamorphosis.

Transcendental Axiom: “The one who sows and the one who waters the sown are the same to the seed.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises detriments, setback of fortune, diminishing, affections that die, beings which are buried, danger of ruin because of fixation of ideas, adverse changes, painful events.


Tarot 61 Solitude
Solitude as an act of heartening concentration. Symbolizes the human virtue of interior contemplation.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter F, and the number 7. It represents the principle of isolation.

Transcendental Axiom: “Pay what thou owe; pay tax to the tax collector, pay worship to the worshiper, and pay honors to the honorable.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises reserve, precaution, retirement, inability, vigilance, economy, good behavior, voluntary or unavoidable retirement from social life.


Tarot 62 Proscription
Proscription as an act of dispersion. Symbolizes the human virtue of counteracting and pushing away the harmful.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter G, and the number 8. It represents the principle of incompatibility.

Transcendental Axiom: “The one who guards his tongue guards his soul.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises oppositions, ruptures, divisions, antagonisms, reclusions, absences, aversions, controversies, embarrassing enterprises.


Tarot 63 Communion
Communion as an act of partnership and recognition. Symbolizes the human virtue of sharing.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter H, and the number 9. It represents the principle of unity within diversity.

Transcendental Axiom: “Give a seed to the one who wants to sow and does not have it, and advice to the one who wants to succeed and does not know how.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises affection, tenderness, intimacy, affinity, correspondences, mutual protection against third parties, fights for common ideals.


Tarot 64 Zeal
Zeal as an heartening, exalted expression. Symbolizes the human virtue of a fervent longing.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Sun, the letter A, and the number 1. It represents the inner fire principle.

Transcendental Axiom: “Fortitude is wisdom, and power the longing that moves it.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises extreme passions, fetching temper; range, animosity, enterprises that requires fights; conquests because of vigor, success in matters of love.


Tarot 65 Learning
Learning as a teaching and warning. Symbolizes the human virtue of knowledge through experience.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter J, and the number 2. It represents the principle of one’s own discipline.

Transcendental Axiom: “Day or night the one who increases knowledge for his own good also increases his sorrow.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises internal and external teachings, defects and virtues, ascensions and descents, protection granted by a person major in age and in status; more joy for the coming future than the joy which the present is supposedly presenting.



Tarot 66 Perplexity
Perplexity as an act of indecision when choosing. Symbolizes the human virtue of selection.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter K, and the number 3. It represents the principle of appraisal in resolutions.

Transcendental Axiom: “Whosoever removes stones shall be hurt therewith, and he that cleaves wood shall be endangered thereby.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises vacillations, matters in suspense, conditional protection, ascensions and descents, wealth by the support of influential ladies, security in some things and insecurity in others, yet hope in everything.


Tarot 67 Friendship
Friendship as an action of devotion in affection. Symbolizes the human virtue of veneration.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letter L, and the number 4. It represents the principle of pure love.

Transcendental Axiom: “A quick hand to give and a fast foot to fulfill, with you, both, I am on the hill or in the valley.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises profit by means of accomplished duties, placidness of spirit, unexpected arrivals, triumph over obstacles, support from friendship, devoted affections.


Tarot 68 Speculation
Speculation as an act of appraisal for value. Symbolizes the human virtue of reasoning.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letters LL, and the number 5. It represents the principle of directed diligence.

Transcendental Axiom: “May thine eyes see without fear and thine hands with love.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises intelligent laboring; beneficial learning; abundance of material goods; generosity, liberality; favorable news on monetary matters; right calculation for undertakings.


Tarot 69 Chance
Chance as a law known by the instinct. Symbolizes the human virtue of transcendental knowledge.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter M, and the number 6. It represents the principle of the primary faculties as guidance in the way of life.

Transcendental Axiom: “There is a fruit in any labor, and there is a labor in any fruit.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises retributions, compensations, satisfactory changes; opportunity for ranking ascension, success in real estate properties, thoughtless accomplishment of wishes; fortuitous attractions.


Tarot 70 Cooperation
Cooperation as an act of collaboration in effort. Symbolizes the human virtue of knowing how to complement each other.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Neptune, the letter N, and the number 7. It represents the principle of reciprocity.

Transcendental Axiom: “There is no man without science, neither science without man.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises sincere affections, fulfilled promises, the vanishing of hopes without foundation; prosperity by means of death or mysterious causes, progress by application of arts or sciences.


Tarot 71 Avarice
Avarice as a calculative selfish act. Symbolizes a twisted human virtue of the longing for power.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Saturn, the letter S, and the number 8. It represents the principle of prevention.

Transcendental Axiom: “Greedy is greed, quenched with miseries and unpleasantly abundant.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises usury, egotistical plans that bring remorse, great hopes and small results, danger of robbery, difficulties in preserving the place that is occupied or the acquired status.


Tarot 72 Purification
Purification as a depurative act. Symbolizes the human virtue of self-edification.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mars, the letter O, and the number 9. It represents the principle of one’s own liberation.

Transcendental Axiom: “Listen to the doctrine of thy father and forsake not the law of thy mother.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises ingenuousness, vexation of spirit, light that illuminates and heats, fortune by means of a laborious effort, fortunate acquisitions, satisfactory news.


Tarot 73 Love and Desire
Love and desire as natural stimuli. Symbolizes the human virtue of possessing the elements that provide delight.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Sun, the letter P, and the number 1. It represents the principle of natural science.

Transcendental Axiom: “Shuttle of my loom, weaving the cloth that shall become my coat.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises illusions, ardent passion, attractions, ambitions, hope in something that depends on the will of persons of the opposite sex, unexpected goods, and danger of losing them because the interference of false friends.



Tarot 74 Offering
The offering as a propitiatory act. Symbolizes the human virtue of rendering cult to the highest.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the Moon, the letter Q, and the number 2. It represents the reverent love principle.

Transcendental Axiom: “Like an offering of flour on the best of thy plates must be thy giving to the afflicted heart.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises devotion, adoration, fervor, loving passion, harmony and discord, inspirational thoughts, acts of prodigy, variable initiatives, more dissipating than edifying achievements.


Tarot 75 Generosity
Generosity as a high-minded act. Symbolizes the human virtue of liberality.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Jupiter, the letter R, and the number 3. It represents the principle of abnegation.

Transcendental Axiom: “Fruits pleasant to the palate, so sweet when receiving or giving them.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises alms, satisfactory definitions in the end, rewards, inheritance without death; acquisition of wealth; stable fortune.


Tarot 76 The Dispenser
The dispenser in the act of distributing grace. Symbolizes the human virtue of mercy.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Uranus, the letter S, and the number 4. It represents the principle of human providence.

Transcendental Axiom: “Approach us, foreigner, and eat thereof from our bread and from the sauce of my people.”?

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises noble considerations, importance, celebrity, generosity, birth, fortune by means of intelligently directed enterprises; abundant laboring and genius in order to make it useful.


Tarot 77 Disorientation
Disorientation as an act of forbearance. Symbolizes the human virtue of acknowledgement and reflection.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Mercury, the letter T, and the number 5. It represents the principle of association of ideas.

Transcendental Axiom: “Paths are requested for a diligent foot, and tools for a laborious hand.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises embarrassing situations, confusion of ideas, perplexity upon decisions, unexpected obstacles, probabilities of good and bad fortune, depending on one’s own inspiration towards one or the other.



Tarot 78 Renaissance
Renaissance as an act of initiation. Symbolizes the human virtue of attaining successive pre-eminences.

Modulating Attribute: It is associated to the planet Venus, the letter U, and the number 6. It represents the principle of natural evolution.

Transcendental Axiom: “Sun of midday, moon of midnight, thank goodness for good or bad fortune.”

Forecasting Element: As an element of prediction it promises ecstasies, pure joy, satisfactions, moral and material contentment, honors and luck.
